alright I'm trying to adopt a again cuz
that last match was fucking lame two
people dropping that was a crazy stage
it was like a patapon style stage turn
to Metal Gear look at this a little big
planet we can do this one yet either all
right you're gonna be fine okay stopping
the shit out of me
I can't do anything I only have one yet
there we go
it dodged push you can juggle juggle
juggle juggle can't stop getting juggle
oh my God where am I I'm dead hold on
right here ladies hello
oh my God look at he's playing foolish
oh wait double kill wait to that
character attribute
what the fuck
where am I
and then
ah you got no kills Graham I all in here
with your name on
hot potato insta-kill no more mr. nice
I'm not gonna get super now
32 wow I didn't win I couldn't fucking
hit anybody he was mad annoying I score
of three hella big me by Wallens it was
pretty close so you got that hill at the
last second there that's what brought
him up huh